let's do it for one boom hello Travis
what's going on thanks man thanks for
doing this we shit stuff to be here it's
cool to have you hey so I wanted to talk
about what we're talking about right
before we start I've always watched you
play drums and I'm like how the fuck
does that guy's arms not fall off I mean
you you have so much repetitive motion
I've never understood how you could do
that just barely know I pull this thing
like right up like a fist from your face
there we go I always do battle ropes oh
okay that happened that most constantly
like I'll do thirty minutes you know not
high-intensity the whole time but just
keep my shoulders and arms moving as I
prepare for a tour but yeah I think my
wrist my wrist probably have gone
through the most hell over the years
like I just feel like just normal
people's wrist strength that probably
don't have because there's been so much
grinding like they popping oh Jesus do
all sorts of weird things but yeah but
I'm still you know I feel like because I
do battle ropes and because I boxing the
kind of workout fast twitch muscles I
really don't get tired that's it's
amazing like because so many people have
repetitive stress injuries yeah I mean
even secretaries they get carpal tunnel
you know people get who write a lot get
carpal tunnel okay so getting injuries
on their thumbs from you know fucking
run with their phone too much yeah I
felt like when I smoked cigarettes a lot
I was feeling kind of the first symptoms
of that stuff I wasn't drinking a lot I
was kind of a dumpster on tour you know
not really taking care of my body and I
could really feel it and then you are
you still vegan yeah and you run that
restaurant right um with crossroads or
it's one of your one of the owners
running it is saying a lot I couldn't be
that shouldn't said running no towel
towel Ronin is the man he's like the
illest vegan chef ever
he's like an old punk rock hardcore guy
like new john joseph yeah john joseph
keeps trying to get me to go there and i
almost went last time he was in town
with them next time i'm gonna make it
down there I think probably 80 to 90% of
the people that eat their arm vegan cuz
it's that good yeah that's what I hear
Dana White's all that yeah uh uh yeah
Dana we
have dinner there when he's in town so I
think for Dana to be able to sit through
it and enjoy it and Matt Sarah I think
he brought everyone for like I don't
know if it was like fight companion it
was like no it was yeah it was Dana
White's looking for a fight yeah tube
show yeah I was on tour but they
FaceTime me from there but yeah towels
like a G he's the best vegan chef in the
world by far that's cool how did you get
involved with that is it well you were
you already you're cleaning your diet up
because of your your injuries or because
you were trying to keep your body tuned
for drumming or you just wanted to clean
it up period now I was vegetarian since
I was 13
really yeah and then after my accident I
was in the hospital actually long story
that that I'll just sum up Indo this is
real plain accent yeah yeah and I had to
eat meat in the hospital because they
didn't have any other kind of vegan
options of protein Saudi bags of beef
jerky whatever they would give me
whatever I could stomach and not like
kind of like think about what I was
eating because I wasn't eating at all
and I was just ditching my food giving
it to my friends because I didn't want
to eat any of it and I got caught so
long story short I did a little bit of
meeting in the hospital and when I got
out I just felt like the next evolution
of my eating would would try and be
vegan and it was so easy in LA because
we have so many great vegan restaurants
so yeah that was that was pretty much it
I was already vegan I was actually at a
bad brain show one of the the best
hardcore bands in the world to ever ever
do it and towel approached me there
saying hey I had this idea for a
restaurant I'd really like to be you
know you to be involved and I said say
no more just tell me what you need
because I do think about it all before
because it's a weird thing to approach
someone with it hey man thinking about
opening up a restaurant yeah I need this
drummer yeah right no I think he was
just reaching out to friends and family
cuz he was he was Oprah chef and he was
Ellen DeGeneres chef and he was all
these like you know really high-profile
people's vegan chef when they would you
know do a vegan diet for however long
some some forever so I'm just like a
two-week thing but I think he just got
to the point where he wants to do
something for himself
and then crossroads was born and I knew
how good he was so I just told him say
no more
tell me what you need from me and I'm
there and then it just you know think
it's been five years now well it's got a
fantastic reputation yeah I know a bunch
of people that have eaten there and they
loved it
well it's not because of me it's because
of town and its food for sure yeah at
Allen Scott the chefs they're just you
know the best now how hands-on were you
in the we just one of the people
promoting it like how hands-on were you
with the construction of it or nothing
with like the decor or anything he would
run stuff by us like hey check this out
to us what you guys think of this as you
know there's basically menus change
every season so it's not the same menu
all year long so as we prepare for the
next season's menu he's like testing it
on us the you know the season prior
mm-hmm so he'll be bringing out dishes
and and letting us try it but yeah he
curates the whole thing that's
interesting so when he gets his food
when he's preparing his food like is he
getting his stuff directly from farmers
like how how is he getting his food yeah
directly from Allen's yeah so he has to
curate these relationships with these
farmers and just go visit them and find
out how they're growing their food yeah
and and you know you'll be all set with
a menu if it's fall but then those same
vegetables aren't in season so he has to
rethink everything for the next season
and not kind of repeat himself so it's
really he's really got it down to a
science and how long has he been vegan
for I don't know how long talisman vegan
I've never really asked because it's got
to be incredibly difficult to be a vegan
chef I would imagine being a regular
chef is difficult but when you put all
those restrictions you know and you just
you have to make things taste
interesting and and different and yeah I
think that's where chef Scott comes in
because he's actually comes from a meat
background so he was working at Italian
restaurants and Italian Mediterranean
restaurants that cooked everything so it
was infusing this vegan obviously like
lifestyle of eating with you know chef
Scott's tastes as well so I think he had
to think that out to where it would
appeal and and meat-eaters would eat
there too and not really notice a
difference
I agree you know sometimes I'll be on
tour when you go to a vegan spot and
I'll take my bus driver in or my
whoever's traveling me and they're like
oh man this is rough you know they can't
stand it
crossroads is not one of those spots
where you're thinking about like man I
might not enjoy this meal there's some
good spots in the LA has some great
spots you ever go to follow your heart
in the valley all the time great spot
yeah that's the spot close to home that
I love like follow your heart
shout out to Erewhon everyone has like
good vegan options chef Vito who has a
spot in downtown called Alec who took a
vow of silence 22 years ago yeah well uh
the special man yet 22 years ago took a
vow of silence and he's done no more
talking no more talking what in the fuck
is that about yeah so he just
communicates if he he has a lot to say
he'll write it down you just read the
lips and I know what he's saying but he
shows up oh that's so crazy
yeah he takes a lot of photos so he'll
show up to like punk or raps whatever
whatever show I'm playing he's in the
pit with his camera this silent guy who
doesn't say a word yeah and his cooking
is phenomenal so but yeah LA were
spoiled with great great being in
restaurant that's a fucking trip yeah 22
years of no talking yeah he also does
like this juicing where this year he
juiced for a hundred and eighty-nine
days with no food Wow wouldn't he get
down to I think he was yeah he lost
about 20-something pounds
fuck yeah he does it every year Wow
yeah he's trying to vanish right do not
talk I don't think I could read yeah
intermittent fasting is like as much as
I can do yeah I do that every night but
that's the vow science is freaking me
that silence is freaking me out
yeah he and I I've never really pried
and kind of like asked a bunch of
questions why doesn't even have to write
a lot yeah that too but no I've been
around when people ask him he just said
he wanted a timeout for 22 years yeah
that's a serious fucking timeout how old
is homeboy he's got to be probably in
his 50s so almost half his life yeah
what the fuck man
yes but he spends Christmas with me
spends things
with my family and I oh that's cool
everybody smiles on him yeah everyone
just smiles and waves basically he'd be
a good guy to sit next to someone who's
on coke told her they would just talk
his fucking ear off he just be sitting
there all silent yeah yeah fuck man that
is I've never even heard of anything
like that
does he make any noises as you whistle
no I've heard him snore at one time when
he was laughing hella hard but that was
about as close as it gets so he doesn't
laugh out loud like hahaha Wow nothing
terrible comedy club audience me yeah
yeah it would be rough he has a March -
it's called March of silence that
happens once a year where you have a
bunch of them that basically you know
that are and they're basically marching
for the March of silence for like the
cruelty of animals and whatever else so
yeah I'd like to have them on the
podcast to see how long I could talk to
him for yeah just to see what it would
be like that's so strange it sounds cool
I mean yeah I love that there's people
like that out there though I do I love
hearing those stories like the world
needs him you know like when you said
that I got excited yeah the guy's been
silent whoa you know there's something
about that it makes you go wow I was
talking hello loud when I first met him
because I was trying to wrap my head
around you know no one did an
introduction going hey this guy's silent
tell you know I had no idea so I'm
talking really loud he like he like just
whispers to me like mouse to me I can
hear you and I was like okay and then I
just figured out over time Wow silent by
choice whoo yeah that's heavy
what is he involved like heavy
meditation or Buddhism or anything very
strange like that yeah he meditates
I think he I was like a lot of kind of
Buddhist kind of qualities like kind of
I think he had a lean in some kind of
religion or practice it would be that
Wow yeah that's intense yeah that's a
serious commitment man yeah I could even
imagine going 22 days without talking a
day I think any anything I think we'd
catch ourselves
it being very hard well I was gonna get
my tonsils and adenoids removed because
I have sleep apnea because I have a fat
neck but I found a mouthpiece that I can
sleep with that keeps my tongue from
falling over because I have a when when
your neck is thick your wind hole is
smaller believe it or not because the
more muscle you put in the small your
your hole gets and then if you have a
big tongue when you lay back you can
actually block your airway Wow yeah and
so friends that I know have had their
adenoids and their tonsils removed and
they actually take some of the soft
tissue out of your your passageway so
you can breathe easier but the problem
is you can't talk for like seven days
yeah that would probably be rough for
you the main yeah yeah and I wonder if
wide neck you know like that the the
internet phenomenon is the same problem
I get that guy must sleep terrible yeah
yeah his neck starts up here it's crazy
his neck starts at the top of his ears
yes its way to his shoulders tonsils out
is a it's a bum out I did that did you
yeah did you have tonsillitis now you
know what I had is I had I was smoking
tons of weed right like but I would
smoke backwards like I love the woods so
yeah everything yeah so I'd smoke about
20 20 backwards a day he's like yeah and
I was recording an album with the
transplants and I turned to skinhead
Robin I was like I think I think I have
something like someone's lodged in my
throat like I could barely breathe right
now and kept smoking didn't even you
know I didn't I didn't really know what
was going on and then I went to the
hospital that night and they rushed me
to another hospital to get my tonsils
removed because they were like twice the
size that they should be and then I had
a throat infection and then it comes to
find out I had what's called like
Barrett's esophagus which is like
pre-cancer wrote lining my esophagus
from smoking and I don't know I guess
just abuse over the years so that was
that's what led to my tonsils being
pulled out these are serious think about
this like you probably shouldn't smoke
too many of these because now it's just
plain tobacco
love I love him--no I got to a point
where I couldn't smoke joints I couldn't
smoke out of a bong yeah a pipe it had
to be a backward that's where I am
yeah that's bottle of it I like him did
you ever smoke cigarettes no see I did I
smoked a lot of cigarettes and then I
quit smoking cigarettes just smoked weed
and then I discovered backwoods and I
was kind of getting a little bit of both
still getting the tobacco that I missed
but yeah yeah my friend Ari said that he
started smoking spliffs in England you
know and when he was over in the UK they
next the weed with the tobacco and he
got totally hooked on tobacco again
because he had quit cigarettes for years
and then he started smoking the weed
mixed with the tobacco and before he
knew it he was smoking cigarettes again
yeah so he smoked while he was over
there and then he quit as soon as he was
done and then came back to you u.s. yeah
I feel like they just started smoking
just pure weed over there Geoffrey yeah
for years it was both yeah I don't
understand that like had that how'd that
work out over there yeah it's still so
illegal over there - it's like jesus
fucking christ it's 2019 fellas let's
get at times when I used to fly over
there we'd have to tape tons of weed to
our nuts just just to be able to end our
road cases just so we could smoke over
there because they had dirt weed yeah it
was horrible weed but yeah it was a pain
in the ass it's fucking dangerous
bringing that stuff overseas though yeah
if you get arrested that's that's
serious yeah I brought it so I'd bring
it everywhere like that and we went to
talk about heap like gaff tape Jesus man
I feel like you've heard of the first
layer of your nuts off when you go to
grab your weed but yeah we would do that
and then it's a commitment though yeah I
actually brought it I made the big
mistake of not bringing a bunch but I
got to Iraq we went to Iraq for like
right when the war broke out what was it
like 2003 or 2004 and we were over there
and and scandalous Estevan Oriol the
photographer he's over there with us
documenting the whole thing and I pull
it out because we're at this this
Airport in Bahrain but I feel like it's
a field and no one's gonna mess with us
and he's like hey bro look look at look
at the back you fucking passport look
what it says and it says right there
like you're basically like they'll kill
you if the if
find you know you brought any drugs into
Iraq or you know where we were ball rain
so I did away with everything and I just
kind of took up drinking I know not
really much of a drinker but do you
still smoke weed I don't know I have a
friend who's like a dear friend is like
cool like young doctor named dr. B in
San Diego and I called them he actually
removed my my tonsils and then like a
week later I found out I had what was
called pre-cancer Barrett's esophagus I
said what does this mean
doctor be shy just like kind of like
kind of like toned down like how much
I'm smoking he's like no this means like
this is your warning shot like pay
attention stop smoking esophageal cancer
is a rough one too that's what killed
Christopher Hitchins really yeah yeah
it's uh that's a rough one that kills a
lot of fucking people once you get it
you get it and you're gone yeah it's
cute I think kills like I think hitch
said like 95% of the people get it now
yeah so I felt like he's always pretty
honest with me you know I just stopped
like I love CBD yeah that's pretty much
what I messed with now but that's all do
you find that you see a lot of people
use CBD and they find that it alleviates
anxiety and lets some sleep better do
you find that yeah as long as I take
like triple or quadruple the amount that
it says to take on the bottle right
because I feel like what I take if I
take what the proper dosage is it
doesn't do much but I'm one of those
people whose minds racing constantly
I'll get home from the studio at 1 or 2
and I'm just like kind of like figuring
out how long I gotta sleep before I get
to wake up my kids and go to school and
I just sit there with my wheel spinning
unless I use CBD and then that kind of
helps and then I had I have what's
called trigeminal neuralgia have you
ever heard of that no it's the fucking
worst it's called the suicide disease
because basically all of your nerves and
your face are firing all at the same
time so it almost feels like what you
feel when you think you need a root
canal or you have like a tooth that's
messed up but I got trigeminal neuralgia
and I've only had 4 episodes but when I
do get it I use CBD and it it's been
amazing
but if you
get up a lot of people will go actually
go to a dentist get a bunch of root
canals done that they don't need or they
don't know how to treat it and usually
people kill themselves whoa
yeah it's gnarly I didn't really know
about I just was homeland and I was like
what the fuck like my face is burning
hmm it's miserable onic pain condition
that affects the trigeminal nerve which
carries a sensation for your face to
your brain if you have trigeminal
neurology even mild stimulation of your
face such as from brushing your teeth or
putting on makeup make trigger a jolt of
excruciating pain holy shit man
yeah what is the cause what causes that
all different things they thought like
mine I maybe got mine from impact like
from my accident mm-hmm and then maybe a
little sparring that I've done has has
triggered it mmm
also dental when I get dental work done
it triggers it so but the CBD stops it
yeah CBD and then if it's really bad
there's um this medication called
gabapentin and i feel like that's been a
real great way to kind of like mask the
pain and one once the gabapentin calms
the nerve it kind of Dead's the nerve 24
or 48 hours it's gone if it's a really
bad episode if it's a not so bad
CBD just keeps it away Wow the they say
that a lot of nerve diseases are
inflammation caused so sometimes like if
you change your diet you can you can
smooth some of those out like lower the
sugar intake and some of the other
things that might be causing
inflammation did they give you any
advice like that no but around the same
time I figured out I was allergic to
gluten which I really thought was
horseshit whatever I was like yeah right
okay yeah we need to be gluten free and
then I tried it and and the doctor I had
seen said well you really gotta try it
though you got to commit a hundred
percent you got to give it at least like
two to three weeks and see how you feel
and I did it and it was a game-changer
mmm like I felt normal whereas I'd have
a lot of ups and downs depending on what
I was eating and I'm still eating clean
at the time I'm still eating vegan and
I'm eating you know whatever but uh you
know a lot of a lot of us can't you know
digest or kind of our bodies can't
absorb the gluten
yeah well it's have you ever had pasta
in Europe yeah it's very different oh
yeah yeah so much shit in ours you know
so much well it's the Maynard explainer
Keenan from tool he explained it to ex
you know he runs in Austria in Arizona I
didn't know that yeah he's he's a
fucking wizard man he's got his own
winery runs in Austria but he said that
when and we subsequently looked it up
after he told me this in the early turn
of the century when they were growing
wheat they experimented and changed the
wheat to make it more dense so that you
could get more yield out of an acre and
so by doing that they changed what you
how your body processes it and there's
more complex glutens in like a stalk of
wheat like an old old timey wheat like
you would get like in Italy or France or
something like that
it's a different wheat it looks
different it's it's a much more scrawny
looking plant and so if they had an acre
that you don't get nearly as much wheat
yeah and so in America we said where's
butter and we made it bigger and better
and thicker and your body is a much
harder time processing it and that's why
people get so much inflammation and
leaky gut and all these different
ailments that people get from bread and
pasta in this country it's because of
this much more complex wheat but I buy
pasta overseas I buy this goddammit I
found out about it in Italy that they
sell it in America just for that reason
yeah Wow because I can eat it and if I
want pasta it's not that disgusting yeah
I love pasta I do too but it's just it's
something that I found if I eat a lot of
it just fucks me so I have to make sure
that I don't let me find it real quick
and I'll pull up the name of it and I
felt like leaky gut was like a hoax I
was like what are you talking about I've
never even heard about this but I feel
like it's legit and and they're spot on
about that
it's called Morelli Morelli spaghetti
and it's from Italy and the type of
wheat that they use it's a very
different type of wheat I get to it
taste different
it doesn't bloat you up as much it's uh
I think somebody explained it to me like
what kind of wheat
looking for but what I found is it I've
tried the gluten-free pasta and it's
like you know what I like better than
gluten-free pasta spaghetti squash
spaghetti squash with marinara sauce
it's fucking delicious and I actually
sometimes like it better than pasta but
they said that I ever won all the - yeah
in the hot part it's spaghetti squash is
outstanding yeah yeah and it's guilt
free you know you can eat it you you
you're not thinking you're you know
bloating yourself up yeah but we've
ruined pasta we ruined pot but you know
it gives you that feeling you know that
feeling you get after eat a lot of it
like oh that's what that is your body's
like what the fuck am I doing with this
yeah you're immediately tired yeah
loaded yeah but if you eaten in Italy
you don't get that feeling and you look
at those people over there they're not
fat yeah it's weird it's true
yeah they walking around all over the
place and they're eating pasta yeah yeah
Europe everyone's walking or riding
bikes yeah Americans that's the thing
about France to France when they're
eating those baguettes there they're
eating it with like this very rich
butter that's like grass-fed butter so I
got dark yellow butter so it's very high
fat content it's got a lot of essential
fatty acids in it and just you're just
getting it and it's a different kind of
bread - and meanwhile they're not fat
yeah and they're drinking one and
they're not fat like it doesn't make any
sense yeah agreed
standard American diet it's just fucked
up but I've always wanted to ask you
that about like the drumming because I
mean everything that I do like
everything repetitive whether it's
boxing or even archery a lot of people
get injuries in archery just from
repetitive stress from just pulling the
bow back over and over again I'm like
god damn Travis this your whole fucking
thing is repetitive that KBB I see you
every time I see you like my shoulders
hurt yeah my elbows hurt no I mean my
first week hurts my first week sucks
like on tour really like getting
acclimated because even practice
rehearsals are not a show it's just a
different intensity but but yeah as long
as I train for it I'm cool I kind of
like boxing has helped so much and I
don't box because I think I'm a tough
guy
I think I can you know beat people's
asses or whatever it's really just for
functionality like so I can play the
drums the way I want to so you know
started doing it for that reason well no
I started when I knew my son was being
born like when my girlfriend at the time
was pregnant I woke up that morning I
ran to the freeway and back like twice
and then I wouldn't found a boxing gym I
walked into ten goose I want actually
walked into jump raise who used to be
Tyson's sparring partner and it was like
2005 yeah - no 2003 and then I started
boxing I just walked into ten goofs and
I started jump roping and hitting pads
and I don't know I just had this urge to
wanna like box and be better that's so
interesting like just from knowing that
you were gonna be a dad
I just wanted to be better I wanted like
immediately I just thought to myself I
wanted a lifestyle change
I needed we evolve and I needed to know
how to protect this little human I was
bringing into the world and I knew I
needed to change my lifestyle because I
was I was kind of out of control Wow
it's a amazing thing that happens to you
when you become a father
it's a weird switch that goes off in
your brain that you can't really
describe to people that don't have kids
yeah and it's even weirder when the
switch doesn't go off so like you know
you see people who are horrible fathers
no more my parents and I just don't get
like how didn't how didn't that switch
turn on for you right you know how yeah
like the ones who don't want to be
around their kids freak me out the most
yeah they just don't want to be they
just want to be away all the time I just
I don't get it yeah I don't know why
yeah I couldn't imagine but yeah and now
I love boxing like it's one of my
favorite things to do I'm I've been
doing Muay Thai a little bit more
because I can kind of save my hands yeah
cuz it's not good on my hands in any way
shape or form how so just the impact
over and over do you feel professionally
wrapped you get them rounded correctly
yeah but it still bothers my knuckles
hurt really yeah are using big heavy
gloves yeah what a one ounce gloves are
using I think there are 14 outs mm maybe
should switch to like 18 or 20 yeah
get a thicker padding in the front it'll
protect your knuckles better and it even
gives you a better workout really
because you're pushing more weight a
little heavier yeah yeah pushing more
weight and you'll have more more impact
but another thing I would say is get a
bag that's a water bag water bags are
fantastic you ever seen those yeah I've
seen them at the gym tell you the
awesome fucking dig into those things
and it's it's minimal impact but you
still pushing the same amount of weight
you know through throwing the punches
you can still explode with the same
amount of force but you know you're
sinking into that bag and so a lot of
people with tendonitis find that that's
a way better option there's another I
have two bags out there one of them is a
fairtex bag and fair text makes a it's a
muay thai bag but it's softer and the
other one's a monster bag the monster
bags are really hard stiff right hands
yeah dances fuck so I like the
combination of the two but the fairtex
one is good if I'm injured if like my
shoulders bother me or something like
that I can dig into that bag and it's
not gonna have the same jolt yeah
hitting something solid and hard so if
you're having problems with your hands
that's what I would say another thing
you can do is they make wraps there are
gel wraps you slide them on your hand
almost like a glove
yeah that's what he just told me about
what you guys are trained with yeah
those are great yeah and then that on
top of the heavier glove I bet it'll
stop all the hand stuff yeah I'm gonna
try that yeah you just told me about
that that'll protect my knuckles a
little bit more because I find if I lift
weights I never get big like I never
look big but I feel kind of stiff and
just slow it's the worst feeling ever
and I did it one time right before
torrid I was living in Chevy Hills for a
little while and I was working out at a
gym over there and it was all body
builder guys and I would train with one
just to like be pushed and I got behind
my kit and it was the worst feeling ever
the worst I felt like I was in slow
motion so I figured out like I need to
train how I want to move when I'm
actually playing the drums weightlifting
is fine but you have to do it lightly
the thing about weightlifting is people
want to do it to failure all the time
you know do ten sets of this and five
sets of that and go to failure every
time come on push push push but yeah
don't do that you shouldn't do that yeah
I subscribe to the Pavel
at Cellini method he's a famous Russian
kettlebell instructor and his philosophy
is that you should do more sets but less
repetition so like say if you could do a
weight and you could lift it 10 times
don't lift it ten times lived it five
right he lifted ten let's talk about
esophageal cancer
my voice is rebelling but if you say if
you could lift something 10 times lift
it five times and just do more sets and
give yourself a lot of time in between
sets because if you're trained for
strength you can do certain things like
kettlebells and specific where it's
strength but it's also endurance but
really if you just want to do strength
the best way to do it is to do a short
set of a few repetitions and then do
multiple versions of that like take a
long time off like 5-10 minutes and then
do another 5 reps 5-10 minutes do
another 5 reps and then do it again in a
couple of days and then do it again
stead of like once a week where you just
blow your body out you're like ahhh that
feeling we could barely move that's
terrible
yes it's not a smart way because you
don't recover as well yeah and you end
up getting hurt or you had to take a day
off you know what I started doing was
with this one trainer named Don we
figured out kind of like a metronome
workout so you're actually like a tempo
workout where you're training into a
tempo oh so you have to do high reps
like you know you'll stay to a minute
and maybe the tempo is like you know
what I mean so whatever even if it's
quick and you're not doing everything
like exactly technique wise really slow
and you know it's it's kind of like
making sure you stay up with the tempo
which I feel like really helped me with
with staying quick and fast with drums
and more endurance you know yeah that
makes sense like is is drumming a young
man's game I mean is it like athletics
where as you get older drummer slow down
I don't know I haven't
I played just as wild as I did back in
the day and how old you know 43 you look
great
oh I think you don't look 43 yeah Max
Weinberg told me one time he was he
watched me play and he
I got a show or a blink played and he's
like I don't know how much longer you
can play like that dude he's like you're
gonna need back surgery you play like
you have rabies smashing the fucking
drums so knock on wood nothing has
changed and I've just I play exactly how
I always have you know I don't even want
to think about a day where I have to
play any different right sure it will
come but do you get massages yes that
helps a lot right massages epson salt
baths that's where the tank comes in
play man that thing's amazing the tank
is all epsom salts lucky you dude you
don't fucking crazy when you watch that
i watch you play and I would just go how
the fuck in this guy maintain this pace
because everybody drums differently you
know I mean it's really interesting to
watch people's different especially my
friend bill burr really got into
drumming and you know he's really into
it and I like watching him play and it's
it's interesting to see someone take
something up and get better and take
lessons and learn it but the thing that
really strikes me is how many
repetitions are involved like as you're
doing this like the amount of times
you're hitting these drums is fucking
insanity you got to pace yourself if
it's a two-hour set I know like oh this
is a verse of this song I can kind of
this is not a big big part you know you
can kind of chill but it's like a round
you know if we're going around look up
in the clock and you realize oh wow I
still have two minutes left
yeah well pace yourself and you know
what I mean yeah that's kind of how I
approach shows but but the goal is to
train so much before you even get on
tour that you're not even having to
think about that you're just playing the
show exactly how you want to play it's
almost I imagine it's like that with
fighting where you envision what you
want to do in your head and you're in
the shape and you know the technique to
execute mmm you don't have to think
about our goal you know I can't do that
I'm not I didn't practice that enough
I'd like to be able to just do whatever
I'm feeling and not you know be like oh
shit I don't know how to do that or I'm
gonna get tired if I do that I don't
want that to happen right now so that's
the goal it's just being able to execute
what you have the idea in your head well
musicians
have to have discipline because you have
to practice it sit yes that's one of the
things that makes you guys so unique in
the entertainment world it's like I mean
I guess maybe actors have to practice
standup comedians we only practice in
front of an audience but you guys have
to fucking practice less you don't go
through your show
no before you go out no I write I write
and I listen to recordings of old sets
but I don't like to sit in front of a
mirror go hey folks yeah I don't do that
I don't know anybody because it would
feel so weird when you go up to do it it
feel we're Hurst right yeah that's the
last thing you want you got to be in the
moment same thing happens with if you
practice too much as a band and then you
go try to play those songs and act like
you're having fun that's what happens so
I try to practice a lot on my own and
I'm not even practicing those songs just
kind of just drill you know yeah like
Sam Kinison used to have a joke about
the Beach Boys about their going out
there likes playing I wish they could
all be california girls again and like
jesus fucking right we're okay like it
becomes a job that you don't want that
you you want it to be fresh and exciting
and you want it to be something that
you're really in the moment really
thinking about so I make up new shit on
the spot - that's the best is I just
make up new fails or just try to
reinvent the songs to the point where
even like Marc will look back at me and
be like you know whatever like that's
the best you know just kind of freaking
it on the fry and and even to the crowd
it's like oh that's that's cool you
haven't heard like that before
yeah that's like after two or three
months of being on tour you do stuff
like that yeah when you get off tour do
you consciously give yourself a rest
no I'm busier at home than I am on tour
on tour so lavish man like you have you
have someone saying I mean you do have
people kind of waiting on you hand and
foot somewhat you know like a catering
you know ready if you want to eat or hey
you got to go do an interview 30 minutes
before you go onstage cars outside
waiting for you after the show taking
you to the hotel so that doesn't happen
at home right you know and at home I do
so many other things besides playing in
the band like I
you know produce a bunch of rap artists
I have crossroads I have clothing
companies have three kids
it's way busier at home Torres Torres a
vacation that's interesting yeah for me
Wow
because I don't know how to say no
either mind you I have a lot of things I
love that I love doing so I can't
complain and be like oh I hate going to
the steer I hate doing this I love it
all I just kind of love it all so much
that I have trouble saying no sometimes
so when you you're you said you're
managing or you're producing rap artists
yeah how many I come in - I'm in the
studio right now with this group called
suicide boys who are awesome they're
from New Orleans and we have a EP coming
out that's called a live fast die
whenever and we just finished over the
weekend so or yesterday so it's you know
you go in there at noon and you leave
there at 4:00 in the morning every day
until you're finished because they're
only in town for a little while so yeah
it takes a little bit and then like I
worked on xyx extant ations album before
he passed away I work with like smoke /
big men's a bunch of different artists
do you like that because it's a
different genre helps you mix it up a
little bit you're just a big rap fan as
well obviously you're wearing an IceCube
shirt yeah I grew up actually listen to
rap music before I listen to any kind of
music at all like Beastie Boys and Run
DMC and Public Enemy and the farside and
caris one that's what I grew up on and
then I discovered you know I loved metal
- I love Slayer and King Diamond and
then and then I discovered a band called
Minor Threat and the descendents and
Black Flag and Bad Brains and I just
liked at all and then my dad listened to
jazz music and country rebel music so I
was born in raised on like Johnny Cash
and bottoms and everything so and I kind
of learned to love it all and I had
people around me when I was young when I
was first learning how to read music
that just kept embedding in my head like
you gotta listen to everything can't you
can't just learn one thing so I was
actually taught how to play that
traditional jazz when I was really young
and then I taught myself how to play
everything else that's
cool yeah but that's always sucked
everything that's nice you have an
appreciation for all those different
genres - yeah it'd be like if all you
did was the UFC commentating you'd be
like I'm gonna go crazy right this must
be so much fun for you and all of your
other endeavors like same thing like if
I was only making you know punk rock
records or pop punk records or whatever
it was I think I would go insane and
it's been like that for three years you
know yeah I think different people I
think some people if they're just doing
like baseball commentary or something
like that they're fucking happy shit
they love it yeah I just want to do that
but there's some people like you or
maybe like me that I need different
things
yeah I will go crazy I love like studio
life is awesome like I did a handsomer
thing the other week and then the next
day I'm in with like a band called
nothing no we're doing something
completely different this week I'm doing
a little peep and xxx remix it's it has
to be like that for me or I get really
bored and I I just don't feel creative
right kind of like I don't know that's
cool done like that how does that work
like you get a phone call or someone
texts you hey Travis we need you to come
in here and light this motherfucker on
fire and you get in there and yeah it's
been like that you know or like you know
some projects manifested too like
there's this band called the fever 333
that I produce and and write with and
they just got nominated for a Grammy
like throughout for a Grammy for Best
Rock performance and that was something
I just envisioned with the singer that
band Jason and we started literally a
year ago and and they're nominated for a
Grammy Wow so like stuff like that like
kind of being an architecture without
building buildings you know being
architecture and music or whatever it is
whatever it is you're passionate about
that excites me you just building sounds
yeah like there's nothing better and
working with different genres to's got
to be exciting too because you can mix
it up and yeah Wow now when you're like
what when how do you how like schedule
your time in terms of like how much time
you're gonna spend on your own studio
work how much time you're gonna spend on
other people's stuff to just play it by
ear it seems like with a guy like you
you must get so many requests and you
said you have a hard time saying no
I would imagine it's fucking
overwhelming yeah well my kids come
first before everything anything you
know and then I get a lot of
opportunities like my son Landon it was
a big rat fan like he loves right he was
raised on rap music like he grew up
touring with me and little Wayne when I
talked with Lil Wayne and he loves being
in the studio so he'll come with me to
the studio so I can kind of like
double-dip work at the same time as he's
in be making music well my studio B
which is really really awesome and then
same with Alabama she's me I'm lucky
they're both musicians cuz Alabama and
Landon both love music so they like
going on tour with me they like that's
amazing me yeah or I probably wouldn't
be working so much that's really cool
yeah what the fuck is it like going on
tour with little Wayne it was so awesome
I came out with a rap a rap project
where I produced I've made all the beats
and I just got all my favorite rappers
everyone from like RZA from the wu-tang
clan to Lil Wayne game Swizz Beatz it
was it was crazy I think I had 30 guests
on there and Wayne asked me to go out on
tour with him so me and Mix Master Mike
from the Beasties were like the opening
act on that tour and Drake was out there
Nicki Minaj and Rick Ross Wow fun so I
loaded up the bus with everyone I
brought yellow wolf out I brought j-roc
I bought Paul wall I brought the cool
kids and we just gotten a bus and we
went on tour Jesus is the best yeah
how long are those shows all those
people how long is that show that psycho
well with all the acts and there's four
hours yes long fuckin show's over like
good Lord that audience must be beaten
into a coma oh yeah but then the
headliners on who they're really there
to see right but that that was a big
accomplishment just being able to play
in that genre of music cuz I listened to
it as a kid and there's never really
been a home for a live drummer in a rap
scenario right so from the beginning I
think I don't even know what year was
when puff called me when I just joined
blinking he's like y'all want you to be
in this video I was like what like cuz I
pretty much was I was just like well I'm
I'm in
the biggest you know bands in the world
I'm so stoked I couldn't ask for
anything more and I always wanted to go
I always wanted to uh yeah i'ma get some
that tour was so fun but yeah once puffs
asked me to be in a video it was kind of
like a it just snowballed from there you
just got in that world yeah and I had no
idea why he wanted me
you know but I was just like wow this is
so cool because I grew up on Biggie like
I loved all that genre of music but I
was okay with just staying in my lane as
well but when I got accepted with like
open arms and I was invited to do like
BT Awards with Ti or Tyga or Wayne it
was just insane you know playing the
Grammys I the funny thing is I've never
played the Grammys with blink but I
played the Grammys with like pitbull
Drake Eminem like it's so weird it's so
weird to me I just feel it's a trip the
opportunities I've had outside of rock
music have been such blessings do you
when you say all those things and you
know that you did all these things it
almost seemed like you're living in a
dream yeah I feel like smacking myself
like it doesn't feel real when people go
like oh who would you like to
collaborate with I feel like I'm so
spoiled and I've I've been so blessed to
play with all these musicians I love
then I just say nobody you know whatever
comes I'm happy with Wow yeah well
that's cool though that's great man
that's means you're fulfilled you know
you're you're you're doing what you want
to do like you're ready told whoever
let's do it yeah if you wanted to make a
record job be there you know that's what
I'm saying well lucky for you I'm
totally talentless in the music
department so it's not gonna happen but
now you're such a talent man I love like
when you and Dominic Cruz are
commentating together doesn't get any
better
yeah I love Dom he's awesome man he beat
the shit out of me a couple times why
did you let him well because he you know
we used to sponsor him a little bit like
we're famous like you know he used to
walk out and famous stuff like when UFC
wasn't they didn't have rebut gear and
he would come down and train because I
would train with this one guy Josh over
here in Woodland Hills and he said
travel I'm gonna be in town I'm gonna
come train with you okay cool
little did I know it'd be Dom tossing me
around and Mike
oh my gosh man it was so difficult but
does he make you roll with them well now
I'd be he'd be like try to sleep me I
try to knock me out today so I'm giving
my all and just using his defense and
you know when you when you actually
swing in the air and you're not landing
it actually more tiresome than when
you're hitting somebody so I'm swinging
in the air he's like on the side of me
all of a sudden like you know he's so
quick like with footwork and then I'm
wrestled to the ground and it's just a
wrap every time and he's so so talented
so yes but where I love preposterous
yeah he just has the most ridiculous
footwork his footwork is so unique to
him to everything he does he's got like
this weird herky-jerky little yeah he
does he's probably one of the most
unique MMA fighters ever I feel like a
lot of people have kind of borrowed from
his style for sure you know yeah for
sure not to say they didn't make it
their own but I feel like Dom was the
first one you saw you know kind of move
like unquestionably yeah and that's
because of his intelligence yes he
doesn't like getting hit he's like okay
I got to figure out a way to not get hit
so much like what's the best way to not
get hit he just just came up with this
very unorthodox way of moving he's a
real encyclopedia of information when
you start talking him about fighting
like he's I really enjoy doing
commentary with him because he's so
insightful he's so good at pointing out
little areas where he thinks people are
making mistakes or how to capitalize on
certain things that people are doing
yeah I've watched fights with him before
and he's and he gives a different
insight than what I'm seeing yeah yeah
yeah no he's great especially when it
comes to wrestling clinch work and you
know and even like weird striking
techniques I mean he's just he's so good
at befuddling people that he fights with
with movement and information like he's
giving them looks and they're they're
trying to set up and understand and
they're trying to set up and they don't
know what the fuck he's doing then they
have to reset and they're trying again
and then he's giving him a different
look and yeah standing over here and
then he's in front he with his hands
down then he's not and yeah yeah that's
a trap he's great just fucked up his
shoulder again man I know man I think he
trained so much I feel like he just you
know he's obsessive yeah yeah he's a
savage I mean he he got back from knee
surgery and
he went so hard that he gave himself
plantar fasciitis so he fucked up the
bottom of his feet from running and
sprinting and doing all kinds of crazy
shit to get in shape and you know he got
over that and I mean he's had so many
different surgeries Nisar Israel have
you had that no I've never had planner
oh man I had it on a tour where I would
I'd get these I get these weird kind of
things where I have to do a certain
thing before I go onstage so one of the
things I did on a tour that was I don't
know is about a formal tour is run four
to five miles before the show hmm and by
that by the middle of that tour I'd
actually give him myself a stress
fracture in my foot well it was terrible
did you run on concrete not a treadmill
really yeah Wow well sometimes sometimes
when when there was no treadmill I just
run out in the street but I kind of get
like that where I just like I don't know
I get obsessive about stuff and I want
it I want to do it I I get to kind of I
throw myself all the way in well I like
what kind of running shoes do you run
with do you run with I was running like
honestly on that tour sometimes I'd run
in vans which is probably half of my
problem but you know it'd be so quick
like Oh an hour here to do this but yeah
that it wasn't fun though it was painful
yeah when you have overuse injuries
those are some of the hardest especially
your feet there's some of the hardest to
recover from because you have to walk
it's not like if you hurt your elbow you
can just not use it for a while yeah and
it'll eventually heal up but you need to
use your feet yeah yeah planners a rough
one man I know a lot of people that have
got that I've been very lucky I came
from martial arts background a lot of
kicking and stuff like that so my feet
are pretty strong from moving but I
found that running with minimalist shoes
on hills that made him even stronger
Yoga stronger like what those weird kind
of what are they called
Vibram FiveFingers shoes I wear those
and where there's another company called
vivo barefoot or where those I like
those a little bit better for running on
the hills because I'm running on a lot
of rocks and shed in the Vibrams they
would be great if everything was soft
dirt but I'm running on weird jagged
rocks and shit and it's just it hurts
your feet you got to be real careful
where you place your feet yeah but it
just forces your feet to work as they're
supposed to as opposed to like a big
sheeni running shoe you know I think
cushiony running shoe feels good it
feels good to run on it because you get
all this cushion it's not so jarring but
your body really you really should run I
think personally unless you're a runner
you should probably run less with a
minimalist shoe then you should run like
because it's more comfortable to run
with a big fat cushion I think you
ultimately give yourself probably more
injuries that way yeah but you can get
injuries from those minimalist shoes too
if you don't pay close attention you try
too hard too quick yeah your foots not
conditioned for it my feet are terrible
- man I had what was called a Liz Frank
fracture when ever heard of that
it's basically your foot breaks in half
like all your all your tenants your
ligaments and your bones how the fuck
did you do that so I was high as a kite
and it was in Australia and I was
running to the bus and I had like two
huge bags that were like probably like I
probably 40 pounds on my back
and I was just trying to get to the bus
to get to the next show or whatever and
it was the the stupidest thing ever but
it was a little like you know the little
cracks in the sidewalk was up higher and
I didn't see and I fell with all that
weight on me and I'm in the bus and I'm
starting to think wow this is really bad
in my tour manager is like a man just
get the blood flow and try walking on it
and I'm trying to just suck it up and
I'm walking in the airport and I'm like
almost like tearing like I'm fucking
hurting so bad I was like man I think I
need to get an x-ray or like an MRI this
isn't good so I play like the next two
shows with my other foot I get an x-ray
they say I've broken my foot in half I
need surgery so I I think I ended up
doing a couple weeks of the tour which I
shouldn't have I should have gone and
done that surgery but I played it with
my other foot and then I got home I did
the surgery and I was like six months on
crutches and wow just recovering it was
terrible six months on he watches and
then I feel like I wasn't healing that
great cuz I was taking so many
painkillers and everything it was
slowing down the process
hmmm which I don't know if you've heard
of but that it really like my bones
became super brittle from pink from
painkillers what what painkillers Norco
yeah yeah
huh yeah but I would imagine the pain
must have been fucking excruciating
snapping your foot in half oh it was so
painful yeah when it first happened it's
something else for pain medication after
you got off of that stuff just smoked
weed yeah yeah said enough yeah I'm
pretty good with pain doesn't really bug
me
what about edibles I haven't really done
it you don't fuck with edibles really I
haven't had anything for 10 years
nothing nothing zero no alcohol no weed
no nothing damn yeah ten year which was
a big well after my accident as well I
was fed you know four months in a
hospital being fed morphine every day
for four months and then being on all
these bipolar meds and everything else I
honestly didn't want to put anything in
my body when I got out I didn't even
take painkillers when I got home now
what kind of bipolar meds they put you
on I don't even remember I was on like
four or five just bipolar and I mean I
had like I had so many I probably like
twelve medications I got sent home with
and I did it for about a week or two and
then I wouldn't see my doctor I'd
actually overheard one of my friends
talking who was like a brother to me and
I had heard him talking to someone else
he was like you know like Travis seems a
little different you know he seems a
little bit slow or something and it and
I had overheard him he didn't know I
overheard him but I was these meds I had
been telling my dog feels like I just
don't feel like me I feel I don't know I
feel weird and I just don't feel like
myself so I just flushed him down the
toilet one day next week I came back to
see him he's like how you doing I said
good I'm off all those meds you told me
I'd be on for the rest of my life
they're like oh dude from what you've
been through like you you it's okay to
be on something like that and I was like
yeah I'm doing fine though like I don't
need those you know he said I wanted to
put you on because of the plane crash
yeah they're like don't shame yourself
you know by giving yourself a hard time
that you have to take these pills and I
said well you know I honestly don't feel
like they're doing what they're supposed
to for me and they actually having like
a negative effect on me so I don't I
really don't want to take them you know
they also told me I'd never run again
I'd never do this I never do that
so I think I just got to the point where
I was like let me see how many things I
can prove otherwise that they've told me
you know once I stopped taking the pills
Jesus so they put you on bipolar
medication because of a traumatic crash
yeah that seems odd to me I mean I'm not
a doctor obviously but well I was kind
of crazy you know I was like suicidal
when I was in the hospital I was on so
many drugs I couldn't even I didn't even
know my friends had passed away I didn't
even know the two pilots had passed away
I didn't remember anything
I kept thinking like everyone was in the
hospital including the two pilots
including my two best friends and a.m. I
thought everyone was just in different
rooms till about two weeks before I left
and then I went crazy then it was like
they had a you know 5150 case on their
hands you know I wasn't I wasn't in a
good place so yeah then I did I did a
lot of like post-traumatic like therapy
when I was in the hospital - kind of
like calm things down once I got through
all my surgeries and then yeah I mean
over time it was it was cool but or it
was never cool but I started to feel
better you know but yeah I think it was
cuz I was so crazy at the time but
that's it's interesting that that I
would think that bipolar medication
would be something that you would give
someone who has like a condition that
just is sort of preed they're
predisposed to it yeah I don't know
anything about bipolar but I would think
that that's something you just have you
know it's like I have a mental condition
I wouldn't think that it would be
something that they would give you to
overcome a traumatic incident yeah I
think they were afraid I was gonna be I
had like a mental condition after
everything happened you know I think
they think like maybe because you're an
artist that you're probably a little
crazy anyway possibly yeah I mean yeah I
think but I was a mess too like you know
like I had done I'd smoke so much weed
you know every day and I'd taken so many
pills and and I would self-medicate
quite a bit that I woke up probably out
of 11 of my 30 surgeries I had in the
Burn Center I woke up swinging on
doctors
so because I would wake up and I would
just I'd be opened up and I would just
go crazy Jesus Christ so trying to get
off the table yeah I would just try to
get off the table I don't even think I
really knew what was going on
I just wasn't they couldn't give me
enough medication to knock me out
because I had been self-medicating for
so long and abusing meds for so long
Wow so you would get up from anesthesia
you just wake up in the middle of
anesthesia yeah so yeah that was crying
that was a problem how did you clean up
I think after there was I think the last
time I swung on a doctor they were kind
of like you you're not gonna you can't
be here no more and then I was like wow
well I need X amount of more surgeries
and I I really was just in it fighting
demons you know I just figured out like
my two best friends had passed away and
the pilots had passed away and I was
just like in an ugly place and you know
my my kids couldn't come visit me
because 65% of my body was burnt so I
couldn't be around people so I was just
in it man and then and then I just I
don't know I turned a corner and then I
was like a team player and I don't think
I was on as many meds most of my
surgeries were over and just learning
how to walk again
being able to take a shower by myself
again all that stuff man I think that
was just those are the good points that
helped me turn the corner and I don't
know I just had more strength you know
you know so wow so you just just turned
a corner in your mind and just sort of
accepted it and yeah same with drugs
like I didn't never do rehab or anything
I think it was mainly my kids and just
second life the second chance at life
was enough for me I was like I don't I
never want to do any of that stuff again
you know that's cool so once you get a
certain amount of distance between you
and those days does it seem like like it
wasn't even real it wasn't you doing
those things yeah you look back and
you're just like yeah like I still
talked to those doctors to this day like
dr. Grossman he's he's he's so awesome
and he basically saved my life you know
but I still talk to him he lives out
here in the valley
yes Grossman Burn Center and I go
without Christmas and and see burn you
know burn victims that are over there in
the in the burn center and help out any
way I can but yeah that's great man
yeah really cool yeah many of my friends
that I know that I had real bad drug
problems and then now are off drugs
they'd look back and they go what I know
what the fuck was I doing like how did I
do how was that me yeah it's interesting
how that happens in your life or you
have these new chapters in your life and
and then sometimes it could just be
something that happened like two weeks
ago and you're like who the fuck was
that guy two weeks ago I'm not even him
anymore yeah you know like you you could
sometimes people make these abrupt turns
in their life and then they go yeah I'm
never going back and you go well we'll
see and then you look 10 years later
like wow you were right you never went
back yeah yeah and I think like I still
have have you ever heard of what's
called like user dreams no we're like I
think I've fucked up and I'm smoking
weed again like oh my god how am I gonna
stop cuz I'm not I love smoking so much
you know or whatever your vice was you
know if it was like whatever was yeah
you're just like you wake up and you
think you're doing it again and then you
realize nom I'm all good I just have
dreams like that where how to go back to
high school really I just have dreams
for years man why'd you hate high school
fucking hey Monty I don't think anyone
likes it yes you're like you know soon
to be a professor fucking doctor or
something but well I just had no idea
what I wanted to do for a living and I
was just like being trapped in a
classroom constantly was excruciating
yeah I must have had I mean I probably
do have like some crazy form of a DD I
don't know I never been diagnosed into a
shrink
but if I did I mean I'm sure they'd
probably try to put me on something
right if I tried to tell him what's
going on in my head all the time they'd
be like Jesus sit down hold on take
these take these whatever you do it is
bad but when I was in high school I
fucking hated it and I barely got by and
then when I got out of high school I
would have these dreams where I would
wake up in the middle of the night and I
didn't have enough credits to graduate
and have to go back and then I was
sitting there in my bed but before I
woke up trying to decide whether or not
I was just gonna fucking drop out
and not graduate from high school not
have a high school diploma or go back
and do another fucking year of hell and
then with my guts would turn then I'd
wake up and oh my god I graduated I
graduated yeah yeah it was the worst I
was the same way man I just like just
barely got by high school did you go to
school here yeah well I grew up in like
Fontana okay
Riverside Ronny yet fontucky about the
double dose more Thai out there yeah
yeah so people like to fight in Fontana
people like to fight everywhere yeah now
you do fighter play football
hit Fontana yeah yeah yep yeah I was the
same way
just just skated by high school and then
I remember I didn't even want to walk I
fucking hated it so much I actually rode
my skateboard with my friends that were
like much older than me yeah I go
skateboarding with every day and we were
skateboarding by the high school as
everyone walked and got their diploma
I was just did you get your diploma that
yeah they sent it to me but me too I
didn't want to fucking be there no I
didn't know I didn't go to my graduation
I'm like I'm gone yeah like this is I
once I got through I'm like you don't
have me anymore I can be free it took me
a while to figure out what the fuck to
do next yeah I would sit there and they
would be like so what do you want to do
like the counselors and I was like I
just want to play drums in a band really
and they'd be like well that's not an
option like require college are you
going to talk to me like I was like just
insane isn't that crazy that there's so
many bands and there's so many drummers
why is that not an option
yeah why is it not an option it'd be
better if they just said well you know
like I don't know if they motivated you
to actually do what you're passionate
about instead of just being well that's
not gonna happen so what do you want to
do so many fucking people that probably
wanted to be drummers and just never got
a push and never never you know yeah I
never made it through but then there's
the other argument that if you really
want you'll find a way yeah you got to
do it I mean my dad used to tell me the
same thing he'd be like you got to have
a plan B not and I'd be like well if I
have a plan B I'm not gonna try that
hard yeah I started thinking in my head
and then
that's when I just said nah fuck that
like I'm it's only this no matter if I'm
rich or poor whatever whatever the
circumstances this is what I'm doing
like I don't give a fuck what the
outcome is I think that's the right
mindset yeah I don't think people get by
that well like when I was uh just
starting to do stand-up there was a lot
of guys who had full-time jobs and they
got degrees and you know they would work
there full-time job and then they would
just do stand-up like a couple nights a
week they never made it yeah is the
obsessed guys and women the people that
were just like I this is my fucking life
this is what I do I'm gonna do this yeah
those are the ones that do it the no
safety net people are the ones that made
it yeah I mean it's gonna fucking happen
you just have to you have to stick with
it yeah I feel like the people who
really stick with it and give it like
110 percent your time will come it's
however big or small it is something
will happen you know yeah yeah if you
figure it out and keep improving and
keep learning and learn from your
mistakes and learn from your setbacks
and and keep trying to push and get
better and improve if you do all those
things is as hopeless and helpless as it
seems if you continue to improve you've
got to get to a better place you got to
get better and one day you'll be
undeniable and if you don't and if you
just fall back on that safety net you're
always gonna wonder yeah you know yours
gonna look at Travis barkingham or the
drums I'm going shit that could have
been me dude I almost did it I actually
at one point my pops and my pops is
awesome but um he's like Vietnam vet and
you know wrote him Harley his whole life
and he just basically said to me he's
like yo you got a you either got to
start paying rent at the house cuz you
you know you're not in high school no
more or and get like a 60 hour a week
job like a real job or you need to go
you know go fuck and play drums but
you're not gonna do it here in my garage
so I was like okay and it was probably
the best thing that was ever said to me
you know as harsh as it was or whatever
and then I had actually caved in and I
just told my my friend no I was like you
know what I think I'm just gonna I'm
gonna get this fucking job because I
just somehow got a job but made you know
in a warehouse it was like Target
warehouse making pretty good money
compared to what I was
at the time and and he hit me the next
day and he's like I think you're making
a big mistake
I think you're very fucking talented and
I think you'll regret this and you can
get this bullshit job any any time down
the line come live with me on you know
stay at my house you could sleep on the
floor or the couch and let's play in
this fucking band and do it and I did it
you know I was like a trash man in
Laguna Beach lived in like this studio
apartment with a couple other guys and I
just fucking took off like I had a like
I mean it was like humility too you know
there was like playing bar after bar and
you know you know but but I was eating I
was eating I was you know I was
skateboarding every day and I was living
at the beach playing in a band with my
friends so for me it I had already made
it those are the best stories yeah
they're the best stories and I think
back even to this day I go to Laguna
sometimes I'm like wow that was kind of
one of the best moments of my life
besides my children being born like poor
no money but like happiest fuck I can't
even think of another time I was that
happy you know yeah cool people the the
only pressure is the pressure of trying
to succeed is not the pressure of
already succeeding and the overwhelming
pressure that you must experience now
yeah those are great stories men the
stories of like where you didn't know if
it was gonna work yeah you clue those
stories right now some kids are
listening to those stories right now
listening you say this like fuck man I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna go for it like who
knows how many rock stars you're making
right now just saying this yeah because
a lot of them are teeter-tottering yeah
not gonna do it am I not gonna do it
even I mean I was at the time no and you
just have to you know don't worry about
being cool or being fucking rich or
having money just be passionate about
what you're passionate about and fucking
dedicate a hundred percent you know yeah
there's those moments man when you're
first starting out anything where it's
not sure yeah it's not a it's not it's
not a definite thing you were in this
weird limbo space like man am I gonna be
a loser my whole life like what's gonna
happen to me and those moments man when
you look back and you realize you could
have quit but you kept going you figured
it out you sucked it up yeah
you worked your way through it you
improved you kept moving yep yeah that's
that's life man
yeah that's what defines you man yeah it
really does I just love those fucking
stories I can never get enough of them
man yeah the dirty grimy and then
finally make it story yeah dude you're
running out of space to tattoo I'm gonna
tell you right now I'm actually getting
tattoos on top of tattoos that's
outrageous yeah
I just got this lj4 xxx I'm gonna get a
I'm working on some new ones I've
decided to go back in you kind of like
remix in him at this point you know like
getting tattoos on tattoos have you ever
gotten lasered yeah once I had like a
new wife and I divorced my ex-wife and
she wasn't really stoked on the
ex-wife's name on me yeah sounds like a
problem yes so I lasered it cuz it was
right on my neck and she always had to
see it but that's the only time I've
ever done it there's nothing on me I
really want to get rid of her I'm like
all that it's all a story to me it all
tells the story it's like a moment in
time and I got it for a reason but I was
trying to be cool and you know I mean
trying to be respectful and made her
happy at the time that makes sense yeah
I mean it was amazing she hung in there
all the way to being married with
another chick's name on your neck yeah
that's a great woman true in that regard
yeah yeah but yeah I love tattoos man
they're addicting yeah I love him too
once I figured out they didn't hurt at
the age of 15 it was on I didn't yeah
it's like what people tell you like oh
it's so painful yeah and then you get
when you're like wait a minute
it's not so bad this is like it's kind
of like a a slight burn yeah it's like
kind of therapeutic too I fell asleep I
was getting tattooed same same when I
did my back piece I fell asleep and I
had two artists working on me at the
same time oh wow
just because I fucking hate wasting time
here so they yeah they did my back
together they did my head together to
hear that heads impressive let me see
the head let me see what that looks like
when did you get that done I did in my
head like I don't know six years ago Wow
yeah yeah I started I
a piece on the side of my right that mr.
cartoon did back back in the day I love
that guy's work yeah cartoonist said
he's amazing he's got great shit he is a
legend yeah he's a legend even outside
of tattooing like lowrider culture yeah
he's he's one of the illest but um yeah
he did that and then that kind of set it
off I always had like praying hands on
the side of my head and then I shaved my
head and I've never grown my hair out
since cuz I'm like fuck it I it's
permanent haircut you know what is up
there it's hard to see my little shine I
have like oh wow I think I have like a
rose you think what's on my head I have
like a transplants gas mask on the back
of my head I have one life one chance
yeah and then like some writing Wow
now when you got burned did it affect
your tattoos did you have to tattoo over
it yeah so I lost I lost all of my
tattoos on my legs Wow yes I lost I lost
my first tattoo ever which was a
d'agnasti tattoo this hardcore band punk
man that I loved forever
and a bones tattoo which was my nickname
growing up but I lost everything on my
legs so then they do like they do what's
called that grafting so they owe and I
lost some tattoos with my back so they
take it's like a cheese grater and they
grade all of your skin off your back and
my thighs and then they staple it to you
with pig cadaver whoa and they wait for
for you to start healing so yeah so I
lost a lot of tattoos and then I I did I
like on my thighs you can't really see I
did I did memorials for for little
Christian djm who who all passed away in
the accident so I put them on my legs
over the graph so you can't really see
it but yeah I mean I I got out pretty
well man let me you can kind of see it
on my hand my hand you can see it's
discolored and stuff but for having
almost 70 percent of my body burnt like
you can't really tell that's amazing
yeah you can't really tell at all
because you're so tattooed up that uh
the pain of healing burns is supposed to
be
it's the fucking worst thing ever
well for me too I mean I don't think you
guys ever think about being burnt I know
I didn't right I'll just be like I don't
know I just never think about fire until
you're on fire and then you're like oh
shit and then and then the you know the
treatments afterwards to like do
everything you know like like they would
put me in this big pan that was
literally about as big as this table
with different people all around you and
they would scrape all my buns with a
metal brush to get rid of all the
infection cuz I had I basically when I
when I jumped through the emergency exit
when I opened the emergency exit before
the plane blew up I was in such a hurry
to get out of the plane and exit the
plane I jumped right into the jet which
is full of fuel so my whole body lit up
you know so I had jet fuel just in my
whole body like I burped jet fuel for
almost like three months so they had
like that was the main thing to get rid
of the infection is they scrub you with
a metal brush to get rid of all of it
and all of the dead skin and then and
then I did about 30 surgeries to to
repair everything like skin graft
surgeries they saved my foot because at
one point they were gonna amputate my
right foot oh yeah it was wild I have
pictures fat burnt that they're gonna
have to amputate it my right foot almost
didn't make it was it because the way it
was was it was necrosis or like what was
going on that they were gonna amputate
it I think cuz that was the thing that
was most soaked was was my shoes and
socks I jumped into the Jets you know
and I had done like I had exited the
plane I started running I'd started like
ripping off my clothes just that's what
my instinct told me just get rid of
everything but little did I know I would
still be on fire cuz the jet fuel was
you know soaked in it so I'm actually
running towards a highway highways right
on the side of me and I just hear some
guy yell like stop drop and roll
and it just like I heard it out of all
this chaos of every sirens and
everything and I stop drop and rolled
and the only thing that was still on
fire was my feet and
came and patted him out so I think they
were on fire the longest - so still like
my I think my right foot is probably
like over 50% of its a graft Wow yeah
it's wild but um yeah that was like I
never like I said I never even thought
about it's not something you think about
until it happens to you but being burnt
is like it's it's horrific you know were
you affected by the recent fires out
here it came about a couple hundred
yards from one of my houses oh wow
but I was in Vegas I was actually
playing a show we left that morning and
then we got phone call saying you had to
evacuate but we love you thank God you
had the kids my dogs with me my
housekeeper was at the house she was
able to get the rest of our dogs out and
yeah we were as long as I had them there
with me you know I was like everything
else is replaceable it's yeah whatever
but yeah that was sketchy I mean you saw
obviously you live very valuated yeah we
got evacuated
well we evacuate ourselves before they
had a mandatory at 2:00 in the morning I
came back from the comedy store my wife
and I were looking out the window and
the flames are coming over the hill and
I said no one's gonna save us here I go
you know we have to figure out what the
fuck we're gonna do and she's like I
think we should go and that's that all
right I think you're right and we just
got a hotel room and we just bailed yeah
and I just grabbed I literally grabbed
my laptop and I think that's it and some
some clothes and then the kids are a
little freaked out but I said look just
look we're here yeah all right
like we could buy more shit yeah like
the dogs fine we're fine
that's how I was - I was like let it
burn yeah you know I mean I don't want
it to burn obviously but rather than you
being hurt like fuck man this is this is
it's an inconvenience when you're when
you lose your house yes it's a horrific
tragedy when you lose your life you know
we're not we're gonna get the fuck out
of here yeah and so they were freaked
out but within a day or two I mean we
stayed in the hotel for a week but
within a day or two they were they were
cool were laughing about it same we did
the same thing that came came home but
not really home you know just a hotel
for a week but yeah I felt kind of
helped us like you couldn't do much you
know
it's not like I could sit there and and
put out the fire myself you know they
wouldn't even let us in our community
yeah same here crazy for people that
weren't around here they don't know how
crazy it was but the sky was filled with
smoke everywhere you looked was smoke I
mean all of LA was filled with smoke it
was I've never we we stayed in Beverly
Hills at the Waldorf and you look out
the balcony window and it's just fucking
gray just smoke everywhere yeah I've
never seen fires like that before never
in my life neither and I always see
we're on high alert yeah you not see it
like my kids are at school over in
Malibu were really close to there and I
always see high alert but nothing's ever
really happened you know there's been
like small fires but that was horrific
that was just it looked like Hiroshima
yeah in our neighborhood like you know
airplanes flying really low dropping
like fire retardant and yeah it was it
was crazy bill burr flies helicopters
he's got his helicopter license and we
took a flight around Malibu around Point
Dume and you go over there and you see
these massive estates just burnt to the
ground these gorgeous houses with the
perfect view on the bluff overlooking
the ocean gone huge Lots you know 20
million dollar house is gone just burnt
to the ground and there's so many of
them and then like one house standing
there yeah one house out of just random
it's how it wasn't our neighborhood my
house caught fire but nothing near it
caught fire it's weird yeah some shit
will fly through the air land on
someone's house and if you have like
pine needles or something on your roof
or a flammable roof yeah you know just
catches catches on fire
was it a campfire it started it's called
campfire I don't think it was a campfire
that was the name of the fire I don't
think I don't I don't know what the fuck
the cause of that fire was Jamie see if
you can find that out do you know what
it is no I think they've been trying to
blame or blame has been put on like
different utility companies or whatnot
and they're not they're not taking the
blame or they can prove that it wasn't
them and didn't be pastor I don't know
that anybody knows yet what I've been
looking at you know it's fucking crazy
though man when I was in Boulder there
was a giant fire that broke out that was
a fireman accident
started a fire yeah he had a fire pit in
his backyard and some fucking embers
blew out of his fire pit and started a
giant fire and just burnt the massive
amounts of wild forest it's just gone
damn yeah a fireman imagine how painful
yeah he must have felt like shit it mean
anybody I mean just couldn't fucking
imagine if it was your fault that one of
these things get started oh yeah the
guilt I would I wouldn't be sleeping for
weeks the craziest rate is Northern
California Northern California got it
wayward we got it bad down here worse
than I've ever seen but they got it way
worse in Northern California yeah
Northern California they lost like a
shitload of people died on the highway
is it burnt to death in their cars you
see those photos yes yeah fuck man yeah
you know ends that a lot of this is
because of you mean there's a lot of
issues right there's the the dry you
know the fact that dry climate the fact
that you know there's a climate change
it's happening but also the fact that
there's no small fires like although
those dead trees are supposed to get
knocked down by small fires like
controlled fires yeah and those that
doesn't really happen anymore we don't
want small fires that can possibly get
out of hand and so you you have these
forests that are oftentimes filled with
dead trees right next to live trees and
a lot of dead trees all over the place
well so they're supposed to do it that's
like maintenance burning like the small
yeah before there's me I mean some
people advocate doing it for maintenance
but in nature that's like a natural
thing like the lightning would hit light
something shit on fire and the the live
trees would probably survive and a lot
of the dead ones would burn to the
ground and would actually regenerate the
forest yeah yeah I mean the crazy thing
is like you look how fucking lush and
green it looks out here now yeah you
would never imagine that just a few
months ago this was a raging inferno it
actually is good for the ground yeah you
know and all that still smells like fire
to right now Rises yeah every time it
rains it's starting to get a little bit
better but does it freak you out when
you see fire now because of your
accident yeah it took a little while for
us to
pyro again remember it was like we just
got back together and like this really
really like killer like photographer had
this idea to do this photo shoot and
they wanted us holding like the watchman
called the thing like the flares yeah
that's it
he got me to hold it for a second I was
like ah bro I can't do this like wrong
photo shoot like I yeah I'm sorry you
know I know you have this vision but I
that's an insensitive vision yeah and
and I yeah oh yeah right I've been a
little bit more fitting but and then and
now we do pyro stuff on on stage and
production it doesn't really bug me but
I'm very cautious around the house like
you know my daughter she has like a
straight iron plugged in or for my son
whatever lights a candle like I'm so
crazy I'm not I mean yeah come on yeah a
little weird so I have to ask you does
Tom talk about UFOs all the time well
you know he's not in the band
yeah I know but you know always do that
he always did
we used to get loaded and just look out
the bus window yeah and I used to do it
with him as like I don't know it's kind
of a bonding experience it's like uh if
you wanted to show me bow and arrows
whatever we're on tour together if I
were in like you know check it out so
with Tom that was his thing like fucking
let's get high and look for UFOs so he
would you know we just sit there and
like stare out the bus window look at
UFOs were like he would even go as far
as when we're on tour like let's go and
fucking look for Bigfoot
whatever was you know and he would
assemble a crew and they would go do it
oh my god I never got me on one of those
trips cuz that was just to fairytale for
me but yeah but I would you know I'd do
that and he was always it's really not
something he just got into from the day
I fucking met him I was obsessed with
UFOs and aliens and was always very
passionate about it to the point where
like I didn't know enough to to have any
kind of I guess like opinion on it I was
just very open and and you know just
took it all in yeah but nothing has
changed he's still the other day I
talked to him he's like I'm on the way
to the fucking White House bro
and I don't ask any questions I drag as
you should be let's fucking go what a
great response yeah good luck with that
yep wow that's crazy yeah he was a trip
man having a conversation with him was
very strange because I'm what part of me
was like Skyy putting me on like what is
happening dead-ass seemed like it and we
would look at these videos that were so
clearly horseshit and he would be like
amazing right and I'm like what like you
think that that's an actual UFO like
that is the fakest fucking video I've
ever seen in my life yeah but he didn't
see that at all yeah in his mind he was
seeing a real alien spaceship even on
tour I'd be like he'd walk in my room
and be like what are you doing I'm like
I'll check this thing out I just made up
whatever playing drums he's like dude
fucking whatever George Bush just did
you know he was just coming at me with
some like politics he's been watching
CNN or or yeah like he's just he's
always been obsessed with it so he's
obsessed with all sorts of like hidden
things like not just UFOs but Bigfoot
too and conspiracy theories politics
yeah everything very very passionate
about all those things conspiracy
theories and politics
it's interesting how those things go
together because people are always
wondering like who the fuck is running
things what's really going on yeah
what's happening behind the scenes who's
pulling the strings
what does it all really mean yeah you
know yeah but the UFO thing is like boy
boy you gotta I mean I absolutely
believe there could be intelligent life
out there but I've seen a fucking single
thing that makes me think that anybody's
got a picture same video yeah I feel
like it could it could be real I believe
but I war I'm not I can't fucking I'm
not dedicating my life to search for it
you know yeah and I I give it to a man
to like honestly to walk away from your
fucking very successful band to go do
that shit like I have nothing but
respect for his passion yeah but it's
like I couldn't do that that's insane
yeah it's like that just it really shows
like he's
you know he's very very passionate about
it I hope he saved up some money yeah me
too
you know Survivorman Les Stroud naw he's
you ever see that show
huh fuckin great show he would
Survivorman would go out into the woods
with a limited amount of things he would
say like okay I've got this bucket I've
got a fucking pocket knife and I got a
ball a ball of yarn and I'm gonna
survive out here for seven days and he
films the whole thing and he'd be
filming himself like eating frogs and
catching a squirrel and finding edible
plants and just living out in the forest
and oftentimes going days and days
without food yeah and then he would have
like a point where he'd get rescued
seven days in there would be a spot
where they would meet him he had an
experience when he was in Alaska a long
time ago where he was camping and he
said he heard footsteps like big heavy
footsteps and he heard some sound that
sounded like a gorilla like whoa like
something like that yeah and and then it
ran off and to this day he's convinced
that that was a Bigfoot and so now he
has Survivorman Bigfoot and he goes out
into the woods and just looks for
evidence of Sasquatch well he needs to
eat easily ate up Tom Tom will pull up
he'll go with and he would love that I'm
sure he would fuck yeah he's tried to
get me to go with them I'm like good
luck I did I did it one time I went
hunting for Bigfoot for a television
show I did for sci-fi called Joe Rogan
questions everything we went yeah
looking for Bigfoot and the more I
talked to these Bigfoot folks the more I
was convinced none of these
motherfuckers have ever seen Bigfoot
there was one lady that I talked to one
lady who just did not seem like a liar
and she was telling me that she saw
something in the woods and it was
standing up and it was tall like seven
eight feet tall and she's like why is
there a gorilla in the woods and then
she's like oh my god that's Bigfoot and
she said and it was the Pacific
Northwest like outside of Washington
State or in Washington State outside of
Seattle and the woods are so dense up
there that if anything goes 10 20 feet
it's gone
the problem with that is that there's
black bears up there in black bears
sometimes stand up on two feet they do
it all the time and if you saw a black
foot especially a black bear rather
especially from a distance you would
think it was a big gorilla if you're
standing up on two feet which they do do
especially when they're trying to see
something they'll stand up and they'll
even walk there's a lot of videos of
them walking on two feet am just on the
red legs never seen it nah that's crazy
I could see how a big four hundred
percent yeah so I think I don't think
that lady's a liar I just don't
she might I mean look it might be real
there might be a few of them left there
definitely was a thing called
Gigantopithecus that lived in Asia and
the thought is that it came across the
Bering Land Bridge the same time that
Native Americans came across from Asia
and that they came across and you know
because they lived in Asia and this this
Gigantopithecus
I think lived as recently I think as a
hundred thousand years ago I think the
the most recent fossils they have of it
which is you know human beings were
alive back then yeah and this thing was
sixth or an 8 to 10 foot tall bipedal
hominid so it was a huge huge ape-like
creature yeah check this out this is a
look at this bear
so the crazy shit ever bears walking on
two legs look at them like if you saw
that old early yeah oh my god it's a
fucking pig foot especially if you
believe the hype and yeah you're
searching for a Bigfoot out there yes
yeah
or if you're on shrooms Yeah right I
mean if you're walking or if you're high
on mushrooms like oh my god Bigfoots
real look at that thing's like hey how
you doing oh he's got a hurt right foot
that's what that is
you see his right foot there's something
wrong with his right foot sometime yeah
it looks like he's missing his front paw
it says sometimes you know bears will
fight with each other and one bear bite
the other bears foot off or he could
have gotten shot or it could have broke
it off on something yeah
that's crazy yeah he's missing a foot so
he's he's walking around out there like
a gorilla but everybody else I was like
when I'm talking to them let they're
like living in make-believe world here's
another one walking around look at him
that is weird man those are
big-ass bears yeah big-ass bear still in
on two feet I mean look they look like
fucking people man I think that is a big
reason why and they're there feeding
them that is so crazy
where is that that doesn't seem like
America is it South Korea yeah Wow oh so
that's it one of those wildlife parks
where the animals are all and you're in
a car yeah that's like fake wildlife I
mean wildlife but not really wild yeah
you ever see that video where the lady
was in China and they were in one of
those parks and she got in a fight with
her boyfriend just she got out of the
car and she got killed by a tiger no she
actually she didn't get killed her mom
got killed she's more fucked up cuz her
mom came out to rescue her she got
snatched by the tiger and then her mom
what watch this shit this is crazy
on another day of it she's like fuck you
I'm fucking walking and they're like hey
listen bitch get back in the fucking car
there's Tigers out here just like none
of now fuck you and fuck him and fuck
you and the tiger just grabs her
snatches around so the guy runs out and
then the mom runs out but apparently the
mom got killed - here comes the mom that
lady wound up dying yeah and there's a
park ranger like shit yeah when you get
snatched up by a 600-pound cat you hear
about that fucking dude in Colorado
today
he killed a mountain lion with his bare
hands he smothered it to death yeah it
get jacked him while he was jogging
he was running on the trails the
mountain lion grabbed him from behind he
got a struggle this 80 pound cat and
wound up suffocating it I guess yeah
fucking bad-ass jogger just yeah I want
to know what the fuck a bar is net fuck
oh fuck yeah Erik Lewis or someone you
know like I can't picture anyone else
being able to do that maybe he's a
jujitsu guy yeah we see him I've seen
him when my kids were really young in
Calabasas where I live
I saw one like just pacing back and
forth in my back fence Jesus yeah
they're out here man yeah they're out
here when we see coyotes in Deer all the
time but mountain lions that's that's
next-level scary yeah a friend might
just send me a message this morning when
I was when I posted that thing on
Instagram about that guy that killed it
and he said he was
running on this fire road and he
realized he like felt weird and looked
over and 20 feet away from him was a big
cat right above him on this Ridge 20
feet so that's basically us to that wall
yeah big cat just looking and he said he
waved his arms to look bigger and a
thing just walked away
uh I carry a nice when I run I carry a
fucking half face blades it's got a like
a loop you could stick your thumb into
it so it stays in your hand and and
people like why are you running with a
knife what the fuck you doing like you
don't need it until you do yeah and when
you do you want to have it didn't
someone get attacked by a coyote in
Hidden Hills like running did they how
is your story about that but I mean I
ran in my neighborhood before and a two
coyotes ran right past me I mean the
group's yeah they usually don't mess
with like humans you know well we had a
problem with them killing chickens
because I have chickens in my yard yeah
I've lost a bunch of chickens too coyote
so they were they were on top of the
chicken coop pulling tiles off of it
they're creepy little fuckers man but
they're little you know these are like
35 45 pounds they're not very big but
they're creepy there's something about
their little wolves and they're looking
at you and they're trying to figure out
a way like what can they eat what can't
they they're out there scraping scraping
and grinding there's sneaky like
gangster like I saw one of my friends a
dear friend of mine he lost both of his
dogs to coyotes and he had I think he
had like surveillance of it and one is
in the yard and he's playing dead and
then his a dogs approach what they think
is dead and then basically like his home
he comes out of nowhere and attacks and
they both and the one that's playing
dead attacks and both of his dogs were a
wrap how big were his dogs small I mean
there were smaller dogs but you know now
he has like big German Shepherds and
he's you know he's kind of like got
bigger dogs now but it was really sad
ma'am it is very danceable like very
very crazy
yeah they figure out some way to work
and cooperate together without
communicating it's very interesting yeah
like if it wasn't so sad that they're
killing someone's pet it's it's really
kind of fast
that they're so smart that they would
play dead there was a guy that used to
work at this pet store that I go to and
he also worked in a veterinary center
medical place and a pitbull came in big
one of those big Jack pitbulls just
covered in cuts it cuts all over its
body and the owner was you know they
asked you only like what the fuck
happened was I don't know he goes I came
home he's covered in cuts I really have
no idea what happened to him so he
stitch the dog out but hundreds of
stitches all over the dog's body then he
takes a walk outside of his house and he
follows his dogs blood and he goes up
into the hills near his house and he
finds nine dead coyotes that pitbull was
yeah apparently he just tear and he said
it looked like Vietnam it looked like a
fucking like Saving Private Ryan just
ripped apart
coyotes nine of them this motherfucker
just went mauling yeah they must have
been so bummed out they're like this dog
yeah there's nine of us we're good what
good we got this guy yeah and then you
see this fucking fire hydrant head yeah
that doesn't feel pain they've
engineered those things like there's
some pit bulls this is pit bull if you
go on Instagram I think it's I am The
Hulk that's that's the name of the pit
it's a 200-pound pit bull like they've
gotten them to 200 pounds now it's the
most preposterous thing you've ever seen
in your life it looks like like like
Brock Lesnar if it was a pit bull it's
like it doesn't even make any sense
you lookin like that a pit bull used to
be like a 35 pound dog these to be small
yeah look at that thing yeah they're
white in the ferry imagine if a coyote
saw that fuck yeah those aren't anything
bull Mastiffs is fucking scary too oh
yeah I had a master if he passed away
recently I was 13 years old and we had
to put him down and it was really sad he
was he was a great dog Mastiffs are so
sweet look look at the size of that
fucking dog man
just yolk to just it's a crazy 200-pound
pitbull it's just so crazy that they
make him that big now like a hundred
pound pitbull used to be a bit I had a
90 pound one it was a big dog it's like
wow that's a big pit bull and like has a
big pit bull this dogs a hundred and ten
pounds bigger if he doesn't even make
any sense
it's a fucking tank
yeah but that's one of my favorite
coyote dead death stories this guy going
up into the hills and find all these
dead coyotes just laying in a pile they
try to ambush him what they would do
they try to get one to come out and try
to get chased and then the one would run
and then the other ones would jump it
they're like a game straight up that's
crazy that they're they think like that
though they're facts that they have
actually have strategies they're savages
yeah well that's like the downside of
living in the suburbs the upside is you
get a nice yard and get a little view
and yeah I love getting away from the
city here like you know it's like studio
or just chaos whatever just going home
and being home yeah meats nice Derick
eat do you keep a place up in Big Bear
anywhere I don't I don't I go up there I
don't really like traveling really numb
after my accident I fucking hate
traveling Wow like I'll go on tour but I
won't even look in an itinerary before I
go on tour I just kind of like just tell
me where to go I'll be up I'll be where
I need to be but yeah like I don't want
to and I don't fly you know I haven't
flown since my accident oh wow so all
your touring you do is by bus yeah by
bus and then I'll take the Queen Mary to
do Europe but no way yeah do you need a
boat to Europe yeah measure of your boat
sunk you know on a fucking float rafting
mother fucker yeah trust me well you
know what I'd rather be on the fucking
raft then fucking plummeting into the
ocean at yeah 100 miles per hour or
whatever
yeah I feel yeah but yes I like tuna for
like like quick getaways like you know
just chill out with the family so if you
guys have a gig in New York City you
have to start your journey five days
early yeah Wow
it's cool the kids and I get to see a
lot of stuff we don't normally see yeah
but I gotta really think about it like
like that fucking fire festival yeah if
they had booked us on and I was like I'm
so glad cuz I would have had a drive
five or six days you know to Florida to
Fort Lauderdale then get in a boat and
then you know get over to the Bahamas so
thank God man because I was I was
literally on my way there
Wow so when you do that do you actually
drive yourself do you have someone Drive
you know I'd be white knuckling driving
the tour bus have you driven a tour what
it's scary man why are you driving like
this right I've done it like what like
when I was 19 or like 20 when I was on a
tour the driver let me drive and it was
the scariest fucking thing I was like
take the fucking wheel man this is so
scary like a white knuckling like just
being in control being responsible over
that big of a bus and all of my homies
or you know all your friends are
sleeping in it oh so it's like oh gosh
man I give it bus drivers are that's a
hard fucking job it's our money drive
for you know I think you know we usually
do eight to ten hour days a day yeah bus
it's a long time it is a long time so
it's quite a drive in and you know they
have to stay awake and maintain their
focus and yeah I don't know about you
but when I see those white lines that
there's something about that it's not
good for me I start non yeah it's like
hypnotizing yeah right it is hypnotized
yeah I could do like two or three hours
and I'm cool exactly you know San Diego
is about as far as I want to drive yeah
they're built different yeah and I know
fuck you know they say it's way more
dangerous to be on the road in a bus or
in a car than being a plane but I don't
know one day I always say like my kids
want to fly one day maybe I'll be down
but the thought of me leaving to go play
some show or do something cool and
something happening while they're at
home like fucks me up right I don't
really do I know what you mean I can
only imagine I mean I don't think
anybody's ever gonna be able to
understand what you've gone through with
that kind of an ordeal a plane crash
where your friends died and the pilots
are dead and and you managed to get out
alive but almost lost your foot and
burned half your body plus
yeah you know fuck man it's crippling
but I try not to let it be too much of a
handicap you know by traveling but
seemed like you seem like you got to
work around ya and figured it out
yeah but Australia can go fuck itself
huh I wish I could go I thought I loved
Australia I love Japan fuck I love Japan
yeah you guys go there for UFC fights
yeah have been yeah I can love it did
you have seen in Tokyo once it was great
I honestly wanted to move there really
yeah I loved it so much David Lee Roth
moved there for a while yeah he moved
there to take sword-fighting classes
fuck yeah
moved into this dog got an apartment he
is that you ever talked to him now he is
one of the trickiest fucking guys I just
got a message really recently that he
wanted to talk to me and so they gave me
a phone number for him I sent him a text
message he's never heard back
it's like I might have to call him like
I don't I don't want to miss it out so
if David you listening I tried twice yes
but he said he wanted to get a hold of
me for something and they gave him a
number they gave me a number to get a
hold of him but he's one of the more
interesting people I've ever talked to
in my life he worked as an EMT for a
while when he just gotten out of Van
Halen really yes like an actual EMT like
helping people like in New York and
people like what are you fucking David
Lee Roth and yeah can you forget we're
getting in the ambulance like he would
keep together they like strapping people
to a gurney when they're had accidents
and shit and fucking date you imagine
you get in a car accident and fucking
David Lee Roth is gonna help you you
like what what am I I must be dead yeah
this isn't real life Wow fucking David
Lee Roth that's fine that's legendary I
love ya I love he's a trip yeah that'd
be a great interview move to Japan with
his dog just just hung out there I go
what are you doing he's like taking
kendo lessons it's taking sword fighting
lessons from a Japanese master whoa
so every day be ticklish taking fucking
kendo sick he's that he's a real deal
man yeah he's a real deal like a real
eccentric but a really friendly really
interesting guy yeah what it's awesome
yeah I love when someone is like that
yeah you know like your friend that
hasn't talked for 22 years
I love shit like yeah you don't hear
about that
or someone that'll stop being in Van
Halen to go fuck with swords
yeah yeah it goes fucks without you to
think they're really bringing him to the
Pentagon and shit like that
I don't know cuz I said hey like I have
no clue and I had watched a little bit
of your podcast where you were like I
use let me a text message
why didn't you you know but I feel like
he's made himself readily available you
do that shit you know like right I don't
know it's a it's I sit and scratch my
head and go I don't know I don't know
either
I just fucking yeah he's such a talented
talented dude - man he's like such a
good songwriter yeah he well he
certainly is certainly a very talented
guides it's just so interesting that
that's his main point of focus yeah I
would think that if aliens were real
Trump would have told us I really do
believe that yeah that guy's he's such a
fucking loose cannon
he became the president like maybe they
can hit it from him or his fucking
chaotic as shit is right now it was
something I don't know something with
slip you know i yeah I would think that
if they told him if they brought him
those are just two things I would want
to know who killed JFK those are two
things I'd want to know if I became the
president and our aliens real what do
you got motherfucker yeah what do you
got I go to the top generals I bet look
I'm gonna defer to you guys I'm not a
military expert okay I mean I don't want
war but I want you guys to have support
I got full respect tell me about that
was it Trump borders establishment of
space force he did that that's right the
space force man but that's because
there's that's actually a military
strategy because they're concerned that
as technology improves Russians are
going to be in space and we're gonna be
in space or or fight off two aliens
Yeah right like Will Smith type shit
yeah look at him yeah Mike Pence is
behind I'm going Jesus oh yeah yeah I
don't know man but if I became president
I never will but if I did those are the
two things that I'd want to know who
killed JFK and where the fuckin aliens
do you think they know do you think they
know anything more than regular people
because you got to feel like they come
in
every four years someone would open
their mouth somebody knows somebody
knows come on what did he give on must
say he's an alien yeah bro he's not
gonna rat on his friends right if he
drive that car I'll give you the Cape
just take it for a tour just take it for
a spin out of here I will that fucking
test will make you believe in aliens it
doesn't even make sense
it does not make sense I feel like I'm
driving a computer when I'm in a Tesla
it's no saint yeah it's like every car
other than that seems stupid so this is
love first when you've had yes Wow and
you're just completely in love with it
sold Wow sold I drove one there was a
rental car company that was sponsoring
the podcast and it was like like uber
for rental cars they would drop off a
rental car and they would remember the
name of that company I don't know if
they're around him yeah anyway um I said
yeah I won't try a Tesla and I drove it
I was I was kind of interesting but this
was years ago it may be five years ago
was that four years ago five years ago
it wasn't as impressive but now I got
the Model S P 100 D this is what he told
me to get so I said alright I'll get it
I drove that thing the moment I drove it
the very first the first couple of feet
like what is happening here like why is
this going so fast it doesn't make sense
it's effortless like effortless like
every other car on that road has to
accelerate it's like man this guy's just
its instantaneously going 60 miles an
hour I mean it just feels like it's it's
happening in like blink blink 60 yeah
and fucking smooth and just you can't
hear anything yeah you don't hear
anything it handles great it's quiet as
shit it's comfortable
yeah I'm fucked cuz I'm no dude I'm a
gearhead like you I know you saw that
blazer yeah do that Stoke yeah I tried
building like my icon version of a
blazer you know who built that for you
his name was del mo he was over here in
the valley so he did the LS swap and
then I had another buddy of mine paint
it and then I've just kind of like did
ground up like suspension but I feel
like I should have replaced the chassis
and done everything like that I've known
wanted it to be like a true icon but it
bad fucking truck don't look in truck
there it is that is so sick it's so few
no icons done some Blazers yeah someone
they did afterwards yeah oh so you have
it it's a full convertible no hardtop
god damn that looks good dude yeah I put
a soft top on it like a bikini top
mm-hmm
but summertime I just take it all off
but I rolled a rollcage too sick I love
it I love the lowered ones too like the
slammed ones they're so nice yeah thanks
though that's so nasty man is that the
color you have like a matte yeah it's a
cool matte like charcoal Mercedes gray
yeah that looks good yeah it almost pops
wheelies it's so fucking strong he's so
much horsepower which engine they put in
there an ls3 okay what is it how many
horsepower uh I think I'm at like 700
that's so ridiculous besides that you
know I had like I like 16 old schools
I've actually do you really I actually
fell out of love with them it's kind of
weird or I think I've spent like my time
with them and I'm ready to like separate
from them and move on and maybe like get
other stuff or like I don't know I feel
like it was a moment in time though I
was like kind of like hood rich in a
sense where I'm putting all my money
into cars right like before I ever
bought a house I had like four caddies
you know and I was living in like a
two-story a two-bedroom house you know
with a bunch of friends but did that old
red one behind you was dope what is that
I still have that 53 Chevy truck oh that
looks cool icon does some of those - you
ever see the Thrissur he's got one for
sale right now I saw it yeah somebody
had one built and then just never drove
it and yeah and he's selling it is nasty
did I go over there and window-shop all
have you got him yes super cool he's
very CRO he drove me there that one's
available right now look at that fucking
thing he drove me in one of those and
was like hitting corners at 70 like I
fucking almost lost my breath that was
like this motherfucker is crazy but they
really do perform there oh yeah fucking
cars even my Bronco even though it's so
high yeah so high off the ground you
would think that thing handles like shit
it handles really good for for something
like that is it like stock how it comes
from icon like that same height or did
you do anything
yeah yeah he just does them all that way
yeah and I was originally gonna get an F
J made from him and I went there I saw
the Bronco in person with that matte
silver and I was like holy shit you did
I go scrap the fucking F J we need to
get this going so Jude did you do the
whole build-out like you how long did it
take
well it's honorable you're on a waiting
list for a long time and then I think
the bill took close to a year it's like
close to a year my agent
yeah me too but the key is like have it
in the then just forget about it yeah
and then time goes by do you drive it a
lot all the time I Drive to the comic
store like two or three nights a week
but since I got the Tesla I'm telling
you man really ruined me it's ruined me
I'm a gearhead yeah I like old-school
cars I have a 65 Corvette with an ls1
supercharged drive that all the time
side pipe you know that yeah
silver shape I love it but it seems so
dumb
it seems so dumb wants to drive a Tesla
Wow it's effortless dude it just goes
yeah it's like you're on fast-forward I
need to check it out everybody else is
living in the past
yeah like maybe last year I used to have
a the wraith like the roll oh that's a
sick car a bad car yes you have the
ceiling with all the lights yeah ha ha
ha space he was so sick but my buddy my
buddy John said hey let's let's swap
cars wherever we were driving so I did
and I was tricked I was really impressed
it was it fucking it was really really
fast which one did he have did he have
the 100 d I imagine it's the one before
the one you're talking about because it
was a couple years ago those were fast
yeah but it was still impressive you
know yeah those were fast they're still
fast but this one is fucking stupid yeah
it doesn't make sense it's like you it's
like you're defying what you think a
thing can do and it has that big fuckin
screen yeah
everything information yeah yeah they're
dope he's a he's definitely a legend man
you know Musk he's got his blowtorch to
like he's fucking yeah he lit that
fucking thing up in the hallway out here
no yeah thought I was gonna burn the
building I haven't even lit mine I'm so
afraid my son's like of course an animal
I don't want him to know how to turn it
on yeah yeah
he gave it to me and put the fucking
fuel in it and everything I was like all
right thanks crazy like he comes bearing
gifts
yeah how many people give you a glow gun
blowtorch hell you just call it torch
gun blowing which called it's not a
blowtorch right no what does he call
it's not a it's not a bullet or yeah not
a blowtorch that believe so yeah yeah
whatever it is this is a crazy picture
online that we put up of him shooting
that fucking thing out in the hallway
and you're like you can't tell him no
you know like no one tells him no he's
got security around him and all these
fucking all these mercenaries with guns
no one saying it he rolls hard dude he's
Elon Musk
yeah it's worth billions everywhere he
goes I mean he's gotta have security
everywhere guys come before him and
chase everything out yeah look at him
what an iconic photo what the freak
party signed above his head it's almost
like we planned it and Steven Tyler
that's Steven Tyler's mugshot in the
background crazy man
he said takes from your guys interview
to where he's just like fuckin stoned be
honest not so good I don't think he got
stoned I don't think he really inhaled
he took like a tiny puff I think he
puffed it like a cigar I don't think I
really smokes we didn't inhale
he drinks we drank that's what was
interesting about that the the blowback
or the backlash is that we drank for two
hours before we even busted out the weed
what the weed was like what are they
doing the guy takes one hit of weed what
are they doing
yeah and then it went crazy and stock
plummeted 6% and but it went back up to
9% you smoked before you drink right I
don't know I think you get really fucked
up if you don't smoke a lot and you
smoke after you've been drinking really
it's a wrap yeah oh yeah
I don't know he never seen I don't think
it affected him he's like well he's so
his brain is wired so different you know
what his brain is like it's like you
ever see like okay no disrespect to Pete
Holmes but you know Pete Holmes the
comedian like look at his body and then
look at Usain Bolt's that's how I feel
like like the way if they had a race
that's I feel like with my brain in the
room with Ellen's brain it was like oh
these are barely the same thing you keep
up man like you you've had some crazy
guests that are talking about atoms and
fucking the universe and whatever else
and you're always like you you keep up
with everybody it's an illusion I don't
know just memorize things yeah I don't
know what the fuck I'm talking about
Deena they understand the actual
concepts yeah you know I might be able
to repeat things that I've learned in
red but I don't know what the fuck I'm
really talking about they know what the
fuck they're like you know I'm saying
it's like if someone never did jujitsu
before and they want to talk about
choking someone out in a triangle and I
hear them say it I'm like okay yeah
that's how you do it that's how you do
it but they don't really know how to do
it you know I'm saying yeah but then if
you talk to hoist Gracie and he tells
you how to choke someone that was trying
to like this motherfucker did it he
knows how to do it he does it all the
time
it's a different conversation you know
so that's the difference like me I'm
like a spectator talking to these
geniuses but I just trying to pull
information out of them I'm just trying
to get them to talk you know yeah I just
try to know a little bit about what
they're talking about the guys that were
on I don't know what was it last week
the guys that were talking about like
longevity like living yeah yeah David
Sinclair yeah he was that was pretty
crazy
fascinating whereas fascinating yeah
this I'm glad there's people like that
out there I think within the next 15 to
20 years people are gonna start going
back in aging like legitimately yeah
they're gonna be able to not just slow
down aging but we're gonna see like
60-year old ladies or hot as fuck yeah
we're gonna see 60-year old ladies a
little 532 I really believe that yeah I
do too coming around the corner
especially like I was talking about that
diabetic medicine that he takes like
metformin
yeah yeah but apparently that stuff has
negative impacts on athletic performance
it's one of the things that I was
curious about when when he discussed it
and dr. Rhonda Patrick sent me something
on it and Ben Greenfield actually
brought it up on the podcast we did a
couple days afterwards yeah it's I don't
think it's it's probably good for
longevity but not good for athletic
performance which is uh I'm not willing
to make that sacrifice
yeah and he's probably not really
concerned with it performance no no he
barely worked out and he wasn't into
working out hard either
he's like his his deals like just
maintain a little bit of exercise just
to kind of keep the blood moving but a
lot of those guys that are these super
genius sort of longevity experts they're
just interested in how you can slow the
clock down as much as possible and then
there's other people like Ben Greenfield
or like Rhonda Patrick they're more
interested in performance like what is
what's the best thing for you in terms
of for your mental performance physical
performance I'm more in line with that
but I'm but I'm also I want to know what
these guys are working on yeah like the
David's and Claire's of the world
because he's at the top of the you know
the tip of the spear when it comes to
longevity and and gene-editing and you
know yeah that what they're talking
about is being able to inject certain
what it was like certain genes or
bacteria that carried genes it's gonna
fix eyesight yeah crazy like people that
are blind are gonna be able to see again
like yeah they're gonna be able to do
some mad mad shit as long as human
beings don't we don't figure out I mean
we don't nuke ourselves or fuck the
world to a point where you know
scientific research halts if these guys
can keep going if we can make it to the
next 50 years people are probably gonna
live to be 300 years old yeah nuts
mascone I love it
how fucking smart people gonna be if
they're 300 I mean think about how smart
you are compared to when you were 20
yeah I was a dummy
I'm so dumb I'm amazed I'm still here
yeah like I stop and think about how I
used to drive oh oh oh
now you you have old schools do you have
hot rods you have any hot rods nah
pretty much like slow and though like
old schools
those are safer he had a couple impalas
I just got rid of two of my impalas and
I have like a 53 caddy I still have I
have a 64 60 53 truck and a 41 caddy mmm
41 cash yeah it's nice man
fucking nice but it's like a 3-speed you
know what I mean like it's like it's you
know no holds no more steering it's like
it's like yeah you gotta know how to
drive so yeah I still have a couple that
I'm holding on to but I don't know or
steering the steering must be Giants
gigantic it's so sketchy to drive but
yeah I'm gonna bring like I'm gonna
bring a couple out I have a I have a
festival that happens in March called
music that's like tattoos music and cars
oh well I bring a couple of them out
there where's that a Orange County
Fairgrounds oh all right yeah nice nice
yeah so but yeah but I'm slowly I really
just I don't know I want a simpler life
man I want to be able to get in a car
and not worry about if it fucking breaks
down and I can get to point A to point B
yeah without busy I am I don't know do I
stay the fuck away from that Tesla yeah
yeah it'll ruin you oh yeah there she is
that's yours wow that's beautiful yeah
what a car what I mean what out like a
not just a car but a window into time
yeah that's history I mean back in 1941
that's what people drove man that was
the shit back then people tooling around
Manhattan in one of those yeah I love
seeing those you know the movies that
take place during those time areas and
they find all those classics so cool you
know it was great the more recent
version of The Great Gatsby with
Leonardo DiCaprio when they drove those
cars but it was a weird movie because
they made those cars almost like modern
oh very strange
that's how Romeo and Juliet was to the
one with um the one with Leonardo and
you know I'm talking about did you
notice that all the guns in there were
super ill yeah yeah yeah cars yeah yeah
it's like sake
the futuristic yeah some weird
interpretation yeah but still I'm
period-correct right yeah so that's time
period correct but when he drove that
car it drove like no fucking car yeah
like see if you find a scene where he
actually drove the car because it
sounded like it was supercharged and
it's flying and it's handling well but
it's all like cartoonish almost like
everything the scenes were like when
these they're driving these cars they're
nothing like those cars were back then
oh yeah because they don't move like
that no less human Road
unless you do like a LS swapping you
have everything like when they're on the
road like these fucking cars didn't
drive like that man yeah they didn't
they have skinny ass bullshit tires yeah
they barely could break you hit the
brakes it took forever to slow down
that's a great movie though yeah yeah
see they're all going sideways around
corners and shit nobody did that back
then it was weird it's weird how they do
that with movies where they they have
this like they're having a race yeah
reason I mean with that electric car
outside will blow by these motherfuckers
the problem with those those Tesla's is
that once you get in one other cars just
seem kind of dumb they seem kind of old
oh I bet feel like it's you're stepping
into the future we have those anything
else wouldn't seem even up to date you
know but there's something about cars
like you're 41 Cadillac that have a fame
- um yeah that you're never gonna get
from a new car yeah you know what's cool
about those is like when you're in those
you're not concerned with whatever's on
the radio or talking on the phone or I
don't know you're into just like your
content we're just hearing the car yeah
driving you know driving is fun yeah
whereas like if you're just in a 2019
Chevy truck you're not gonna feel like
that you know but it would take it that
far back just a smell of them everything
it's a it's a it's a vibe and it's just
I don't know it's you can't compare it
to anything yeah when I bought my 65
Corvette the first thing I do is pull
the radio out I'll say get that out of
here I don't want to have that radio
unnecessarily yeah yeah only have those
side pipes and the wind yeah but it's
it's gonna be a thing of the past man
I've really firmly believed that now
after driving this car I think you know
50 years from now those things are gonna
be it's gonna be like seeing some guy
drive by on a Model T yeah engines are
gonna be a thing of the past it's
probably better for the environment
anyway overall
anyway I think that's it let's wrap this
up nope dude thank you so much I was
really glad we got together man it was
very cool talking to you likewise um
social media you're
Instagram is just Travis Barker Barker
and use Twitter as well or just yes
Barker beautiful thank you brother
[Music]